Please Feng Ming, I warn you Li Ming Hao
If you touch him again.
Do you believe I beat you to death?
It's okay.
Qin Fengming, don't be so arrogant.
My sister is about to marry young Master Su Jia Su, and Su Dong has arrived.
The Ly family and To family cooperate
The Qin Dynasty must be dead, right?
It seems that even I am tired of tattered shoes.
It seems like this is not good for you.
Qin Fengming, you're crazy.
Do you know that Ly Thieu is currently the brother-in-law of the great young master of the Su family?
You dare do that to him?
You.
meat
Qin Feng Ming.
How dare you break my finger?
I told you you were dead.
Hi, Sen.
I was bullied under the bridge.
Come and help me.
Phoenix, go.
He's calling Sengo.